beans/BotIdentity.java
 beans.BotIdentity
simulators/PM10Simulator.java
 simulators.PM10Simulator
exceptions/AlreadyOnMaintenanceException.java
 exceptions.AlreadyOnMaintenanceException
simulators/Buffer.java
 simulators.Buffer
beans/BotPositions.java
 beans.BotPositions
extra/Timer/Timer.java
 extra.Timer.Timer
extra/Logger/Colors.java
 extra.Logger.Colors
adminServer/ServerRestInterface.java
 adminServer.ServerRestInterface
extra/AtomicCounter/AtomicCounter.java
 extra.AtomicCounter.AtomicCounter
adminClient/AdminClient.java
 adminClient.AdminClient
 adminClient.AdminClient$1
utilities/Variables.java
 utilities.Variables
extra/Logger/Logger.java
 extra.Logger.Logger
adminServer/AdminServer.java
 adminServer.AdminServer
cleaningBot/threads/PollutionSensorThread.java
 cleaningBot.threads.PollutionSensorThread
services/grpc/BotGRPC.java
 services.grpc.BotGRPC
 services.grpc.BotGRPC$1
 services.grpc.BotGRPC$Acknowledgement
 services.grpc.BotGRPC$Acknowledgement$1
 services.grpc.BotGRPC$Acknowledgement$Builder
 services.grpc.BotGRPC$AcknowledgementOrBuilder
 services.grpc.BotGRPC$BotNetworkingInformations
 services.grpc.BotGRPC$BotNetworkingInformations$1
 services.grpc.BotGRPC$BotNetworkingInformations$Builder
 services.grpc.BotGRPC$BotNetworkingInformationsOrBuilder
 services.grpc.BotGRPC$Identifier
 services.grpc.BotGRPC$Identifier$1
 services.grpc.BotGRPC$Identifier$Builder
 services.grpc.BotGRPC$IdentifierOrBuilder
cleaningBot/threads/MeasurementGatheringThread.java
 cleaningBot.threads.MeasurementGatheringThread
services/grpc/BotServicesGrpc.java
 services.grpc.BotServicesGrpc
 services.grpc.BotServicesGrpc$1
 services.grpc.BotServicesGrpc$BotServicesBaseDescriptorSupplier
 services.grpc.BotServicesGrpc$BotServicesBlockingStub
 services.grpc.BotServicesGrpc$BotServicesFileDescriptorSupplier
 services.grpc.BotServicesGrpc$BotServicesFutureStub
 services.grpc.BotServicesGrpc$BotServicesImplBase
 services.grpc.BotServicesGrpc$BotServicesMethodDescriptorSupplier
 services.grpc.BotServicesGrpc$BotServicesStub
 services.grpc.BotServicesGrpc$MethodHandlers
simulators/Measurement.java
 simulators.Measurement
cleaningBot/Position.java
 cleaningBot.Position
simulators/Simulator.java
 simulators.Simulator
extra/ThreadSafeStructures/ThreadSafeArrayList.java
 extra.ThreadSafeStructures.ThreadSafeArrayList
beans/AverageList.java
 beans.AverageList
cleaningBot/MeasurementBuffer.java
 cleaningBot.MeasurementBuffer
cleaningBot/CommPair.java
 cleaningBot.CommPair
extra/ThreadSafeStructures/ThreadSafeHashMap.java
 extra.ThreadSafeStructures.ThreadSafeHashMap
extra/AtomicFlag/AtomicFlag.java
 extra.AtomicFlag.AtomicFlag
cleaningBot/threads/BotThread.java
 cleaningBot.threads.BotThread
 cleaningBot.threads.BotThread$1
 cleaningBot.threads.BotThread$2
cleaningBot/threads/FixHelperThread.java
 cleaningBot.threads.FixHelperThread
cleaningBot/threads/QuitHelperThread.java
 cleaningBot.threads.QuitHelperThread
cleaningBot/BotUtilities.java
 cleaningBot.BotUtilities
 cleaningBot.BotUtilities$1
cleaningBot/service/ServiceComparator.java
 cleaningBot.service.ServiceComparator
cleaningBot/threads/InputThread.java
 cleaningBot.threads.InputThread
cleaningBot/CleaningBot.java
 cleaningBot.CleaningBot
cleaningBot/threads/GrpcServicesThread.java
 cleaningBot.threads.GrpcServicesThread
cleaningBot/service/BotServices.java
 cleaningBot.service.BotServices
cleaningBot/service/WaitingThread.java
 cleaningBot.service.WaitingThread
cleaningBot/threads/MaintenanceThread.java
 cleaningBot.threads.MaintenanceThread
cleaningBot/threads/MutualExclusionThread.java
 cleaningBot.threads.MutualExclusionThread
 cleaningBot.threads.MutualExclusionThread$1
